[ci-skip] [meta] Update Contributing.md to reflect new naming (#337)
pl3xgaming/Purpur: CONTRIBUTING.md

```java
return this.world.purpurConfig.useInhabitedTime ? this.w : 0;
```

> ### Naming your Commits/PRs
> We are trying to use a new naming system where all (or most) patches are prefixed with a tag like `[feat]`, `[fix]`, `[meta]`, etc and would appreciate if this were done in PR titles as well. While this is by no means a requirement, it allows users to see what's in a new patch without reading the file or even the entire message, and makes it easier to find a specific patches as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Naming your Patches/PRs
We use a naming system with a similar concept to [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary).

Patches are prefixed with a type (`[feat]`, `[fix]`, `[meta]`, `[refactor]`, `[perf]`). The type should also appear in your PR title. 

This lets us and users:
* know what type of PR it is
* know what the patches do at a glance
* categorize the patches
```

Author: "This lets us" -> "This lets us and our users?"

Reviewer: edited

> We are trying to use a new naming system where all (or most) commits pushed to master are prefixed with a tag like `[feat]`, `[fix]`, `[meta]`, etc and would appreciate if this were done in PR titles as well. While this is by no means a requirement, it allows users to see what's in a new build without reading the commit or even the entire message, and makes it easier to find a specific commit as well.

Reviewer 2: Commits aren't that important, imho. It's the patch files/headers that are important.
```suggestion
We are trying to use a new naming system where all (or most) patches are prefixed with a tag like `[feat]`, `[fix]`, `[meta]`, etc and would appreciate if this were done in PR titles as well. While this is by no means a requirement, it allows users to see what's in a new build without reading the commit or even the entire message, and makes it easier to find a specific commit as well.
```

Author: As long as the merger renames the squashed commit appropriately so it shows on the downloads page; will change
